BOOKSTORE
The focus of this software will be to manage all important steps of a Library. The software should keep data about all  the books in the library, such as ISBN of the book, title, category of the book, supplier, purchased date, purchased price, original price, selling price, author, stock (an image of book cover is a bonus). At the same time, we should keep track of the sold products by bill number (or Order Id), their sold quantities, prices, and date of transaction. 
The application will have a three-level user system: Librarian, Manager and Administrator. Each will have different  views and usage of the software. Note that each of the users has a username and a password to enter in the software  (obviously a role as well). 
Librarian -> Has the right to check out books that a customer may need from the bookstore. This means that the  librarian should create a bill and enter the data of the bought books, such as ISBN of the book and its quantity. If the  book is out of stock or does not exist, give an alert to the librarian. The software should provide him the total amount  of the bill and it should be in printable format ([BillNo].txt). The updates in the software file should be done  automatically by adding the data into the respective files. 
Manager -> The manager has the right to supply the bookstore with the needed books. So, he/she can create new book category, authors, and/or add books of the same category to the stock of the bookstore. The manager should  be informed when entered in the system if there are less than 5 items of a book in the stock.  The same user may also check the performance of the librarians by checking their total number of bills, books sold, and the total amount of money made for a certain date or between a certain period of time. Also, the statistics about the books sold and bought should be provided to them whenever requested with daily, monthly and/or total filters. 
Administrator -> The administrator has the right to manage almost everything that Librarian and Manager does. Beside the above permissions, the admin has the right to manage the employees (Librarian and Manager), by registering, modifying, and deleting them. The data kept about employees include: name, birthday, phone, email, salary, access level, and other information about them. The software should also provide to the admin data about total incomes (total  of books sold) and total cost (total of items bought and staff salaries) during a period.
Another important role of the administrator is to revoke permissions from librarians or managers. This means that the permissions should be role-based. (Assume that the admin decides that librarians can add new books to the stock beside managers).
The data of the bookstore should be stored in binary and text files and managed appropriately by using the proper  Objects. The students should organize the classes in packages and make use of proper data encapsulation. 


The requirements include: 
1. Encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism, abstract classes, interfaces, generics 
2. File Handling - Text and Binary IO (both of them)
3. Validation of Input (Very Important)  
Usage of String Functions and/or Regular Expressions for validating the input 4. Exception Handling (try{}catch(){}finally{}, custom Exception Classes
5. JavaFX UI and Graphics (everything we have covered) 
6. JavaFX Events (Event handling, Inner Classes and other things related to the lesson)
7. The project should be organized in Model-View-Controller, where the model  should fulfill all requirements from 1 to 4 and View-Controller requirements 5 and 6.
